All your forms should be defined as subclasses of FlaskForm, and should have properly defined validators.
Your forms should be handled properly, by defining a route accepting GET and POST methods, 
and you should use the POST/REDIRECT/GET pattern when the form data validates (as shown in class).

Your web site data should be stored in files, located in the data subfolder. 
The data should in CSV or JSON formats. 
Alternatively, you can store your data in an SQLite DB, also stored in the data subfolder,
or in some other DB. Storing data in a database is optional.


Your web site should contain:

At least 2 forms:
with at least one of these forms which must be significantly different 
from the ones included in the examples covered in class and in the tutorials.

At least 1 table and at least 1 list created dynamically from data stored in a local file
or a local SQLite DB (or some other DB). These pages can be, or not, directly connected to your forms.
------------------> GITHUB PART/PROJECTS


A way to support user logins:
Note that logging in can be limited to administrators,
thus there's no need to have a registration page (but you can have a registration page if you wish).
Make sure you provide a valid username/password pair to allow using your web site if you don't have 
a registration page and/or if some features are limited to already created users (such as admins). 
Some pages should be protected and viewable by only the logged in users.
There should be a way, in each page, to figure out if a user is logged in or not.
You could have a special div in your base template that displays whether a user is logged in or not.
------------------> LOGIN/BLOG


At least 3 of the following features:
  JavaScript input or form validation, using regular expressions where appropriate, on at least 2 forms.
  JavaScript Ajax call(s) to dynamically load data from the server, and the server code to support it.
  
  Using a database instead of local files to store data.
  ------------------> BLOG POSTS

  A Forgot password page to help reset a user's lost password.

  A search page (or possibly a div in a block shared among your templates) to search for something interesting on your site (for example, search for some blog posts).
  
  Some other advanced feature, going beyond the basic examples presented in class and in the tutorials, including, but not limited to
  
  More advanced user interface (more professional design, with animations, ... , using external JS libraries or other tricks)
  
  A RESTful API for your web site
  Using external APIs to connect to other web sites (like using the Facebook API for example)

  The ability to send emails from your web site

  More advanced session mangement (tracking, user statistics, ...)
  Role-based access control or other more adbvanced user permissions management


Submission:

Zip your project folder and submit it on Moodle before the due date and time. Make sure your zip file does NOT contain any Python virtual environment. Points will be deducted if your submission includes Python virtual environments. Name your file following this regular expression: /^SOEN287_A3_\d{8}_[A-Za-z]+\.zip$/. The file name should include your student ID and your name.

Grading
Total: 15 Points
Grading Scheme
Grading Criteria	Description	Points
Demo	You will have to demo your web site to a TA. You will have to give an overview of your web site, go through the different pages, demo the features (log in, submit forms, additional features, etc...). You will also have to answer at least one question from the TA. Your answer(s) will be graded. Your demo, not counting the time for questions and answers, should take no more than 5 minutes.	8 points
Source Code	Code quality (running code, no bugs, documented code, code organization, ...). Good use of template inheritance and other Flask packages (WTForms, csv, ...). Project folder organization (subfolders, file naming, ...). All features implemented properly.	7 points